NARRATOR Our heroes are
continuing their journey
to Lumiose City without Clemont,
who is already there
to prepare for his Gym battle
with Ash.
I hope Clemont
will be okay by himself.
Don't worry about him.
I'll bet right now
he's busy getting ready
for Ash's Gym battle.
For sure.
[PAINED]
[CONFIDENT]
Magneton is unable to battle.
So that means
you are the winner, sir.
That's wonderful.
You finally learned it,
Bunnelby.
Congratulations, sir.
Are you alright, Magneton?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Your preparations
for battling Ash's Pikachu
are proceeding quite smoothly.
True, but the real Ash
is more, uh, dynamic.
I've got the image
of our battle in my mind
but.. Of course.
Say, Clembot, if I could
digitize Ash's unique
battle style
and then input it into you.
My training would be
all the more realistic.
A most excellent idea.
I'll make all the preparations
right away.
Winning a badge from this Gym
is going to be harder
than Ash thinks.
We've gotta get ready
for our battle too.
‐ 'Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball.'
‐ Huh?
[PAINED]
JAMES 'Today's the day
we catch Pikachu for sure.'
‐ Team Rocket.
[EMPHATIC]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're up
to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
JESSIE
"A FORK IN THE ROAD!"
JAMES
"A PARTING OF THE WAYS!"
Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE
‐ Already?
[FRUSTRATED]
[all groaning]
Ah. Ah. Man
They made quicker work of us
than usual, didn't they, Jessie?
[gasps]
[grunts]
No! It's broken!
[CONCERNED]
Change of plan, Wobbuffet.
Come on.
Let's find the others.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
James!
'Meowth?'
'Pumpkaboo?'
Ah. Where are we?
Oh, I'm tired
and I'm hungry too.
Wobbuffet,
do something right now.
[CONFUSED]
What, huh?
[CURIOUS]
Ah, stinky. Oh.
Shoo. You smell like
your freshness date's expired.
[screaming]
Wake up. Are you alright?
Say something.
Ah. Ah.
You're okay.
I'm so very relieved.
And your Wobbuffet's
okay as well.
[CONCERNED]
My name is White.
I'm a doctor so you don't have
to worry about a thing.
[grunts]
‐ Let's see..
‐ Ah.
It looks like you were hit
by a Stun Spore as well.
Eat these berries.
Ah. But..
‐ Aah.
I'm cured.
‐ So what's your name?
‐ Me? I'm Jessileah.
You'll catch a cold
in those wet clothes of yours.
My clinic's not very far
from here. Come on.
‐ We can get you changed.
‐ Thanks.
Follow me.
Um, uh, coming.
‐ This probably doesn't suit me.
‐ No, you look just fine.
You mean it?
[EXCITED]
You've got quite a garden
out there.
I planted each and every one.
'Since I'm the only
doctor in town'
'it's up to me to grow
all the healing herbs'
'and berries
I use in my practice.'
But I am an amateur
when it comes to botany
although I do the best
that I can.
[tires screeching]
Hey there, doc.
Brought some fertilizer.
Thank you.
As always
you're a big help.
Well, the very least I could do
is lend you a helpin' hand.
Don't forget how you healed my
Diggersby back when it got sick.
And how are you feeling now?
[INVIGORATED]
It's feelin' right as rain
as you can see.
Well, see you later.
Thanks again
for all your help.
FARMER
'Now, take good care.'
‐ Well, I guess I should be off.
‐ Off to where?
My daily rounds.
‐ Um..
‐ Hm?
Since you were kind enough
to rescue me.
Would it be alright
if I came along
and gave you a hand?
That would make my day.
Say ah.
[EXERTION]
How's Bidoof?
Its teeth
seem to be just fine
but its gums aren't all that
good. So what happened?
Some lousy Pokémon hunter
left a trap out here
and poor Bidoof
got caught in it.
‐ A Pokémon hunter?
‐ Hm. Who are you?
My name's Jessileah
and I'm the doctor's assistant.
This is my old friend,
Beatrice.
Assistant? Wow.
Um, so what happened next?
You see, that awful cage
was made out of solid steel
but Bidoof used its powerful
teeth to bite through the bars!
Well, then that explains
why its gums are so inflamed.
If I ever find
that mean Pokémon hunter
we'll have
some settling up to do.
Hold on, you'd better leave
that sort of thing
to Officer Jenny.
Do you have any idea
how long it would take
Officer Jenny
to get all the way out here?
That's no excuse for you
to act up.
No lectures.
At least I'm not
some mealy‐mouthed
frightened weakling like you.
Um, calm down.
Don't go sticking your nose
into dangerous business.
You're not a child anymore.
‐ I think we'd better get going.
‐ Coming.
This grown up
isn't afraid of anything.
So have yourself
a nice day!
[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]/[AGITATED]
‐ It's coming your way.
‐ Right. I've got it.
There. Got you.
That was amazing.
Okay, hang on
while I do an examination.
‐ Right.
‐ Oh.
You are a tough one,
aren't you?
Thanks. I guess I am
really something special.
I have to tell you
a strong and capable woman
like you would make
Dr. White
a perfect partner
and a wonderful wife.
Oh. Me? A wife?
[thinking] Well, it would be the
exact opposite of the glamorous
life of a celebrity
I've always dreamed of
but it would be so peaceful.
I do think
we could be happy together.
Oh, go on. You really know how
to embarrass a girl, don't you?
You're hurtin'
my shoulder. Stop.
Huh?
I think that Skiddo
was so out of control
due to the effects
of Poison Powder.
It'll be just fine
if it eats this pecha berry.
‐ Oh, doctor, thank you so much.
‐ Here.
[EXERTION]
Hm.. Hm..
Wow, I couldn't eat
another bite.
But we have macaroons
for dessert.
[EXCITED]
And Poké Puffs
for Pikachu and the others.
[PLEASED]
Huh? Where's Dedenne?
[INTRIGUED]/[EXCITED]
[SURPRISED]/[PAINED]
[gasps]
Oh, no.
[panting]
Dedenne.
[PAINED]
Fennekin, Scratch.
[SCRATCH MOVE]
[EXERTION]/[URGENT]
Dedenne. Oh.
Dedenne's hurt.
What do we do?
Serena?
Is there a Pokémon Center?
Hm, no.
I don't see anything
close by here.
That's bad.
'We could really use
Clemont's help right about now.'
Oh. Here.
There's a clinic
in the forest.
Great. Come on.
[URGENT]
JESSIE 'It's so quiet
and peaceful here.'
It may be boring
to someone from the city
but I really like living out
here in nature.
‐ I really like it too.
‐ Take a look.
Huh?
[CONTENT]
[thinking]
Would you look at that face?
Wobbuffet seems
so much happier here
leading a life
filled with love.
What about me?
What would make me happier?
I wonder. Love?
Or..
‐ Something wrong?
‐ Uh, uh, it's love.
‐ Huh?
‐ No, no, no.
Uh, I mean I love
to look at them all.
‐ The Wobbuffet.
‐ Of course.
Cute, aren't they?
JESSIE/WHITE
Huh?
[EXCITED]
‐ An Ursaring.
‐ Don't worry. It's fine.
‐ See that?
‐ Uh.
WHITE 'That Ursaring was once
a patient of mine.'
[AMUSED]
Hi, there.
How've you been all this time?
[UPBEAT]
Say hello to Jessileah.
She's been helping me out
with all my medical work.
Nice to meet you.
[FRIENDLY]
[thinking]
I've decided. I choose love.
[grunts]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Wynaut!
JAMES
We know someone like Jessie
wouldn't just vanish
into thin air.
MEOWTH
Hey, what's that?
JAMES
'Jessie?'
'In those clothes?'
That's a weird get‐up
even for her.
‐ Let's take a closer look.
‐ Righteo.
ASH
'Excuse me.'
‐ Twerps?
‐ Doctor, please help.
Something happened to Dedenne
and it's in trouble.
Of course.
Please, come inside.
[PAINED]
I think it shocked itself
when it got trapped
inside a strange cage.
Sounds like the work
of that Pokémon hunter.
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE
A Pokémon hunter?
He's a bad guy
who finds rare Pokémon
and then sells them
to make a profit.
‐ Is Dedenne gonna be alright?
‐ Don't worry.
I'll drain off
the excess electricity.
It'll be fine.
[AGITATED]/[ALERT]
Dedenne's fine.
‐ Dedenne. Thank you so much.
‐ Sure.
A few oran berries will help
Dedenne get its strength back.
I'll go get some
from the garden.
Hm. Hm. Good.
‐ 'Awesome.'
‐ Wow.
You sure have
a lot of berries.
‐ There you go.
‐ Thanks a lot.
The doctor says
he doesn't have enough.
'He hopes to grow every variety
of berry that there is.'
[CONTENT]/[SURPRISED]
Wait. There's something
about that Wobbuffet.
I've never seen them before
as a family.
Over there. What's that?
It's really nothing. Ah.
[gasps]
It's you!
Sh. Sh.
My name is Jessileah.
‐ So that Wobbuffet is..
‐ I'm begging you!
Please, don't breathe a word
about the fact
that I'm in Team Rocket.
I'm groveling.
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE
But why?
I've decided
I'm quitting Team Rocket
so I can live my life
with Doctor White forever.
[gasps]
‐ Run that by me again?
‐ Jessie. No.
Maybe Jess ate a bad berry.
I'll go snap her out of it.
Stop. Maybe she'll
be better off.
MEOWTH
'Did you eat a bad berry too?'
Listen, if Jessie's only trying
to find a little happiness
for herself maybe we shouldn't
stand in her way.
After all, that's what real
friends would do, wouldn't they?
Oh, James.
Huh? Look.
'Wobbuffet's having
a blast too.'
Yeah, I get it.
See, I've been in love before.
Believe you me I have.
And if Jessie and Wobbuffet
wanna sail on that love boat..
‐ Let's not muddy the waters.
‐ We're outta here.
[thinking]
Jessie..
I hope you find happiness.
Goodbye.
So does that mean you're gonna
get married to the doctor?
Get married?
Well, that is what
two people do
when they decide
they wanna be together.
Wow. I guess that's really
what it means.
[laughing]
[thinking] I think I'm going
to get married.
I just feel so lonely
after saying goodbye to Jessie.
Quit your whining.
You'd better get used
to the fact that
from here on out,
it's just going to be us!
[SURPRISED]
Looks like a run‐of‐the‐mill
trap to me.
‐ This must be the work of..
‐ That Pokémon hunter.
In the flesh.
Looks like I've found
the greatest of all prey.
A talking Meowth.
You got to do
better than that.
We're the new streamlined
Team Rocket.
You bet.
Let's go, Rhyperior.
[APPEARING]
Yeah, I'm gonna give it
everything I've got.
I'll show you
how to tell the doctor
everything you're feeling.
That's so uncharacteristically
nice of you, Twerpette.
JAMES
'Doctor. Is the doctor in?'
Yes.
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE
Hm?
[gasps]
‐ What happened?
‐ You're a mess.
[grunts] Sorry, but would you
mind helping me out?
Huh? What happened?
Meowth and all our Pokémon
were stolen.
We were attacked
by a wily Pokémon hunter.
Pokémon hunter?
Doctor White
was talking about him.
Just for today,
I want to rescue Meowth
without asking for help
from Jessie.
Then that must mean
you already..
Yes, I know I'm asking
a lot from you.
But, please, help me.
If that guy's a Pokémon hunter,
we can't just do nothing.
‐ Thanks a lot.
‐ So where is he?
At the foot of the mountain.
I'll take you.
[thinking]
A Pokémon hunter is holding
Meowth, Inkay
and Pumpkaboo captive.
So what am I going to I do?
Just what?
[UPSET]
Will you take it easy, bub?
We're Team Rocket, you dig!
That big mouth of yours
is quite a catch.
Aw, how embarrassin'.
Gettin' poached
by a Pokémon comedian.
You're gonna make me
a fortune.
‐ 'Hold on!'
‐ Hm?
‐ Who are you?
‐ You're a Pokémon hunter.
And you've got to stop. Now!
Release the Pokémon
you've stolen.
We're not kidding!
So what are you Twerps
doin' out here?
They're just a bunch
of foolish kids.
Let's go, Rhyperior!
[APPEARING]
[AGGRESSIVE]
SERENA
Who's that Pokémon?
Rhyperior.
The Drill Pokémon.
'Rhyperior launches
rocks or Geodude'
'from holes in its palms.'
'It's shell‐like covering
can withstand'
'a volcano's eruptions.'
‐ James. Yeah.
‐ Sh.
‐ Just a second.
‐ Pikachu, Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Fennekin, Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Rock Wrecker, go.
[ROCK WRECKER MOVE]
[PAINED]
'Rock Wrecker, again!'
[ROCK WRECKER MOVE]
[STARTLED]/[PAINED]
‐ What? Pokémon hunter?
‐ That's right. And‐‐
‐ Beatrice.
‐ Beatrice?
‐ What's wrong?
Why are you
all worked up like that?
All worked up? I was worried
about you, of course.
‐ About me?
‐ It's the Pokémon hunter.
Knowing you, I thought you'd be
in a big fight with him by now.
Hey. So you were worried
about me.
Of course, I was worried.
You're very important to me
so don't forget it.
Wait a minute.
Where did all this
suddenly come from?
WHITE 'Okay. There's something
I should've told you long ago.'
Wobbuffet?
‐ This is where we say goodbye.
‐ Wo‐Wobbu.
You stay here
and have a wonderful life.
[gasps]
Piece of cake.
Don't move a muscle,
talking Meowth.
I think it's time
to teach you a lesson
so you never try
to escape again.
What was that?
JESSIE 'Prepare for trouble
and that will be that.'
'And make it double
or I'll knock you flat.'
‐ I know that voice.
‐ And how?
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Jessie.
To protect the world
from devastation.
JAMES
'Don't do it.'
To unite all people
within our nation.
MEOWTH But I thought you were
gonna give up evil doin'
for love.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
‐ Jessie.
JESSIE
'Your turn.'
JAMES/MEOWTH
You've got it!
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And it's James.
Team Rocket blasts off together
at the speed of light.
Surrender now
or prepare for a unified fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[EMPHATIC]
‐ Huh? Where's Wobbuffet?
‐ Back there.
A loving home life is what
Wobbuffet seems to prefer now.
So why don't we blast off
at the speed of light?
Right. And that is why
they call us..
Team Rocket!
Okay. Use Horn Drill!
[HORN DRILL MOVE]
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
You're finished.
Rock Wrecker.
[ROCK WRECKER MOVE]
[screaming]
Wobbuffet.
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Rhyperior?
[PROTECTIVE]
Wobbuffet, you were so happy
back there.
So why did you come here?
Go back, now.
[SOMBER]
You left them for us?
You're the best palley
that ever was.
You're a fool. A fool.
Okay. Fury Attack!
[FURY ATTACK MOVE]
Okay. Go!
JAMES/MEOWTH
Right.
Us too.
[FURY ATTACK MOVE]
[ATTACK]/[INTENT]
Let's go.
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Now, Pumpkaboo,
use Dark Pulse.
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Fennekin, Flamethrower.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[screams and grunts]
WHITE You really defeated
the Pokémon hunter?
It was all thanks
to Jessileah.
SERENA 'I'm sure Officer Jenny
will be by soon.'
‐ Here. They're from Jessileah.
‐ Hm?
‐ Wow, they're so beautiful.
‐ They are.
[thinking] I'll always be a
member of Team Rocket.
And I will always have
the greatest friends ever.
NARRATOR With hearts united
and overflowing with emotion
Team Rocket
and their balloon fly on.
Tomorrow we'll bring
new adventures.
I've finished inputting
all of Ash's battle data.
‐ Ready?
‐ Cannot compute.
Huh?
[screaming]
[explosion]
[DAZED]
As the journey continues.
[theme music]